most moms as we know love to text almost
as much as they love to leave long
voicemail so over the past few months
before the virus drove us underground
we've been asking our celebrity guests
to read real text messages from the
women who brought them into this world
and the result is this mom texts my
mother and I are neighbors in Long
Island so sometimes I will get a text
like this
can I come swim my pool is 72 thir don't
have to eat I have plenty actually going
for a walk
maybe tomorrow no fine I changed my mind
didn't want to get wet
so I texted my mom recently what's up
with you guys and she replied we're
watching the crown what's up with you
two question marks we can utilize the
pause button exclamation point I forgot
that you could utilize the pause button
my homegirls selling burritos let me
know if you want what yeah laughs I
start with the kale no she's making the
on the float just a reminder
don't ever ever ever dive into a
swimming pool period or into an ocean or
lake ever ever no matter what you cannot
rely on someone saying it's safe or
thinking that it's deep enough oceans
have sandbars that look deep but really
are up to your ankle just go in it steps
or scoot in on your bottom gently even
jumping feet first is dangerous too
unless you ball up tightly you can jam
your legs and do the same damage if you
don't follow up when you're jumping
avoid both you're tall and you cannot
risk it at all never no matter what love
you
were you ever contacted to be in the
South Dakota anti-meth campaign their
slogan is controversial just curious
no I wasn't can you talk call me if you
can but imagine that like a Bronx Jewish
accent and then I say you're writing
this to the whole family name a family
member you want to talk to and we can
figure this out to which my mom responds
I yell it because she put three
exclamation points at the end so my mom
and I watch old movies together in
Turner Classic Movies we were watching
the movie giant she texts me Sal Mineo
had a big-ass head although he was
attractive yep
dearest Boop interesting day here was
wielding a handheld small vacuum on the
stairs yesterday miss my footing fell
backwards vacuum welled up and crashed
onto my arm and then onto the whole
floor I executed some sort of swivel
halfway down since and nearly followed
it nose-first but managed to clutch the
banisters thought my arm was broken but
jism
just badly bruised whew
I finished the day with a lovely tie
meal with Seb she does all her own
stunts we got our shingles vaccine this
morning sweet dreams my love love you so
very much I love you so very much too
mom
so I had a sketch on SNL get cut for
time and then when she saw what went in
its place she texted me this that last
sketch 8:00 that's a good mom
well happy worst mother's day ever